hey what's up YouTube top tones p5 1:7
got a box here this is not something I
usually do but I'm gonna be doing in an
unboxing for you guys just got these
today great service I want to give a
shout out to the guys over at Sol
supremacy calm they're over in
California I might show up in Washington
so I got these I paid for them Tuesday
afternoon
it's Thursday I got them and the good
thing about being on the same same side
is it's you get the shipment pretty
quickly usually it's three days for East
Coast if you do USPS priority but let me
go through this with you and show you
what I've caught and the reason why I
want to give a shout out is I stayed in
touch through with them through email
actually I just hit him up one day
Brandon Lena's just asked if they had
this certain shoe on hand in the
specific size because it wasn't listed
on their website of course you can see
Jordan box and size 11 but the main
thing was they stayed in touch the owner
I don't know who handles the email but
the owner stayed in touch kept in great
communication the item was never listed
on the website but he did tell me what
she was and and what he had he took some
pictures for me on the spot as well the
thing with them is they are so busy from
what it looks like on their blogs that
they they probably can't list all the
shoes on to the website or on ebay also
another thing is sometimes shoes comes
in the same day and what it appears is
it usually leaves the store in one or
two days because they got so many
returned customers this is my first pair
from them probably won't be my last
but let's go on and take a look at the
shoes aha there they are there's the tag
sticker right there soul supremacy calm
and
join 11 Khan courts oh my goodness these
are I think this is probably a little
bit of fraying on shoelace but I can fix
that I guess but these are probably the
iciest pair of ever seen stock the mesh
is pure white it's just nasty and then
the other side I see sole toe box these
are dead stock but the mush is just you
guys can see right freaking white these
are nice and then of course comes with
the Jorn retro card make sure I get
everything in focus for you guys there
we go it's got Jordan mark Jordan love
and marked on their tissue paper boxes
in great condition
I asked throw questions they were great
how to do a little bit of negotiating on
price and cooked the response I'm very
happy with the results so and I was just
been stocking up on these guys I've got
a pair I Rock already the DMPs and
whatnot but just been stocking up on
them just because I'm afraid the quality
on 2011 is not gonna be in the best
shape so getting these might be even
harder to find once those come out and
then at the same time prices on these
might actually go up and I got a really
good deal compared to the prices that's
being listed on eBay so of course not
much for me to go over these were
released in 2000 and it's got the nike
air sign in it production date August 8
2002 23 and Jumpman
they both face the front
so faces outward so right shoe and left
shoe laces inspired didn't buy the
basketball hoop net patent leather this
is pristine no orange peel to it very
clean these are dead stock white midsole
I see bottom and then the Concord pods
jump in on there and then of course the
carbon fiber let me turn on the light
there we go
gives you guys a better look to it so
back leather very soft inside oh wow got
a freaking big silicon pocket holy
cheese anyways nike air a toe this is
the only part that that got me whatever
but I can fix that it's pretty easy fix
but there they are
Jordan 20 or 2008 these were not 2011
these are 2 to thousands jump man Jordan
on the 3rd lace loop very clean mush icy
bottom and these are it so just want to
share that with you guys I'm just trying
to remember if I got any more other
pickups but I think these are it from
now for the time being and if you guys
got any questions let me know
rate comment subscribe definitely go
support so supremacy and they gave me a
good deal on these and I'll be
definitely returning as customer wish
they had the shop up here in Seattle but
the volume of business up in Seattle is
totally different in the whole market is
a little bit different as well so I'll
learn out I'm happy definitely happy
keep you guys posted if I got anything
else coming in but other than that rate
comment subscribe talk to you guys soon
peace